Name: Jacob Land Browning

Current Residence: 116 Aspen Court Woodstock, GA 30188

email: browning48908@yahoo.com

Age: 17 years, 11 months, 15 days

I'll be 18 on June 14th having already graduated High School


Bio:

I finished High School May 28th of this year. I am currently enlisting in the Airforce unless another, better opportunity presents itself, such as being employed at IGN. I could not come up with enough money to pay for college, despite taking every possible AP class including AP Programming, AP Physics, and AP Calculus and graduating with honors 28th in my class. I was awarded an $8,000 per year scholarship to Savannah College of Art and Design, but the housing costs alone for the school are just under that much. I did not want to take a student loan which would put me in debt for half my life or more. I received the certificate for outstanding achievement in programming above the rest of my classmates for my efforts in exceeding the basic requirements of the programs, especially in the graphics portion of the class. I was also awarded the rank of Eagle Scout this May after finishing my service project repairing the cemetery at my church.

I have played games from the beginning of Nintendo when I was about eight years old. Since then I have enjoyed games of every genre across every platform from Mario to Halo and currently Minecraft and StarCraft. I would like to think I have played every important and successful game ever made, but there are still many I have yet to play such as ICO and Mass Effect. Some of the best in my opinion I have played are Zone of the Enders series, the original Spyro games on the PS1, and the Jak and Daxter series, not including the most recent game-which-must-not-be-named (the lost frontier).

More importantly, I am most interested in learning to create the games. With the closing of my High School life, I have started to feel that playing games is not enough. I went through the process of creating a design document for my own game idea as my senior project and since its completion, games don't feel the same anymore. I want to learn about games, not how to play them on a competitive level like in Super Smash Brothers or StarCraft, but what they are composed of and all the various plans, thoughts, ideas, and hard work that go into creating the entertainment I have experienced growing up. To do that I know that I will need the programming, artistic, and creative skills required to be successful in the industry, and I will either get them through the Airforce or through a job at IGN as my opportunities stand currently.

I have no employment history as of yet.